The old man is also for the country of big fish
Design it.
What a country design for big fish
Even if His Majesty and the late emperor have no brothers
The emperor's grandfather also has descendants
It's not your turn
No one can stop what this old man wants to do
Are you trying to rebel?
Come
Take this traitor down for me
Hahahaha
Are you deaf?
Come on, you don't have to shout
This palace has been controlled by this old man
That's not possible.
The Imperial Army in the palace is controlled by His Majesty's confidants
How can you possibly control the palace?
Laofu Scenic Area
Just control the bedroom
You enter the palace alone
How to control the bedroom
Baiguan who followed the old man
The King of Jin's Deadpool can handle you
Please also ask the queen to use Yin
You die, you dream
Do it
You have to do it
Say
Where is the jade seal